so being being a chaplain, we are an individual who, unfortunately, it
has to do death notifications. And throughout my career is a chaplain.
I've I've dealt with multiple suicides, um, somewhere people that
maybe run into on occasion or maybe even spoke to once or twice and
somewhere, maybe just members of the command that I didn't know or
a sister command that I had to be involved with. One time an individual
who was having suicidal ideations tried to call me, um, to talk.
But I was in a location where I did not get reception and the individual
ended up taking his life death by suicide, Not necessarily because
they couldn't get ahold of me because there was this other issues.
But it's still affected me greatly and the importance of having
backups, the people you could talk to